tear down of the Samsung Galaxy camera
it's coming up right here on
xda-developers TV hi there Adam here now
not too long ago I started doing
something called an ex-dea unboxing
where I did the unboxing and then the
teardown at the same time well I
realized that this was kind of confusing
because a lot of people didn't
understand what an ex-dea unboxing was
so today we're going to do a teardown on
the Galaxy camera so let's get started
and we can turn this right back off now
we can remove the battery and the SD
card and let's take out these screws
we have a hidden screw right here which
we can remove the cover with a needle as
well as a hidden screw right here here
here and now we can finish removing
screws one more hidden screw here and
let's just take another look around for
extra screws and I believe that's all of
them so we're going to start with a
guitar pick to separate the front from
the back and then we'll move to a case
opener tool
and this edge right here as you can see
it has these additional little hooks
right there so it is a little bit more
difficult to get off then the bottom
side is which does not have those hooks
will remove this tape here and here and
now we can disconnect the camera and the
controller now we can remove one two
three four five six seven screws to
separate the board from the chassis
now we can disconnect the power button
the microphone and the controls now the
board should just lift out at this point
now let's go ahead and remove this
shielding here and here's a close-up at
the board for you guys now of course
we're not going to delve into the camera
parts the reason being is that they're
sensitive optics in there and as soon as
you begin exposing these optics to dust
they'll never quite work the same again
it should only be done in a clean room
which this is somewhat clean but it's
not clean enough to take apart optics
here is the LCD display now this LCD
display along with this basically makes
up a standard galaxy s3 of proximate to
the eye 9300 this is the Exynos
processor of course and it is using a
package on package design let's see if
we can look closely at this
all right so here you can see this is
the Exynos chip and there are several
resistors around this chip and each of
these resistors is about the size of a
needle
I believe these resistors right here
right below the needle are the exo-m
resistors and these resistors control
the boot mode of the device now my goal
for a future hack will be to get this
device to boot off of SD card and that
will enable you to load odin mode which
will then be able to flash the device
with firmware so that's project coming
up soon as usual Samsung's build quality
is very good and you can see here there
are impact zones around all the corners
of the device which keep the device from
miss shaping upon an impact and keeps
components from popping off however this
back panel on the device is made of a
very sturdy aluminum so I don't believe
that this board will actually receive
any impact as you can see the flex cable
usage is very minimized in this device
this camera here has some motors and
moving pieces in it which may or may not
cause the device to flex and so I would
say this use of flex cable here is very
appropriate in this condition the rest
of the cables are all a high grade
connector as you can see there they've
used these high grade connectors across
the board to connect to the peripheral
devices which this device uses the
system-on-a-chip is using a package on
package design with the Exynos on top
I'm not sure what chip is below the
Exynos chip and this would appear to be
the emmc if I'm not mistaken there is a
connection here for hooking up to an
external antenna however it ends up
being right around the area where the
lanyard is connected on the device so I
don't know how practical that is but it
is an option if you're looking to hack a
little bit more signal on with the
device now being that this is Nexus 4412
device I would expect to be
to hook up a 416 ohm resistor between
pins four and five on the USB port and
be able to get UART from the data plus
and data minus pins also I would expect
to find somewhere on this board there
will be you our output at a lower level
coming directly from the processor
before the USB chip is initialized so
I'll be looking for that sometime in the
future all right so while I was
reassembling this device first off a
couple of notes this device is pretty
darn difficult to get back together all
the tolerances are very small and the
alignment just has to be just right for
everything go in these connections right
here we're pretty tricky now the other
thing I wanted to note is there's a
spare connector right here which
typically on samsung devices would be
the JTAG port however we already know
that JTAG is locked down on this device
so this port right here will likely be
useful for you art as well we'll take a
look at that sometime in the future I
have to say this camera is kind of
difficult to get assembled back properly
there was a lot of little pieces and
parts and a lot of extra screws so I
wouldn't try this at home however I
would like to note that this device is
pretty darn well built but of course
that's expected
Samsung got any cool hacks you'd like to
see featured on the show use hashtag
hack on don't forget to subscribe to
this youtube channel and add me to your
circles on Google+ go to plus a damn
outlaw calm until next time hang on